docs: fix docs format bugs (#8118)
apecloud/kubeblocks: docs/user_docs/overview/kubernetes_and_operator_101.md

A PV has its own lifecycle, independent of the Pod, and is managed by the Kubernetes control plane. It allows data to persist even if the associated Pod is deleted. PVs are bound to Persistent Volume Claims (PVCs), which request specific storage characteristics like size and access modes, ensuring that applications receive the storage they require.

In summary, PV is the actual storage resource, while PVC is a request for storage. Through the StorageClass in the PVC, it can be bound to a PV provisioned by different CSI drivers.

## Service

In Kubernetes, a Service acts as a load balancer. It defines a logical set of Pods and provides a policy for accessing them. Since Pods are ephemeral and can be dynamically created and destroyed, their IP addresses are not stable. A Service resolves this issue by providing a stable network endpoint (a virtual IP address, known as a ClusterIP) that remains constant, allowing other Pods or external clients to communicate with the set of Pods behind the Service without needing to know their specific IP addresses.

> Service supports different types: ClusterIP (internal cluster access), NodePort (external access via `<NodeIP>:<NodePort>`), LoadBalancer (exposes the Service externally using a cloud provider’s load balancer), and ExternalName (maps the Service to an external DNS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service supports different types: ClusterIP (internal cluster access), NodePort (external access via `<NodeIP>:<NodePort>`), LoadBalancer (exposes the Service externally using a cloud provider's load balancer), and ExternalName (maps the Service to an external DNS).
```

Author: Fixed
